
`
Cave Paintings story
-------------------



Ideas
-------------
- Make a world that is all your own, like a kingdom, and each kid has their own
- Landing page, you hurtle down from outer space and crash land on the large WWT.
- Weird Whatever Thing
- I could have pivot tables for a mini game, or any kind of educational skill, for that matter.
- ear training mini game

--------------
--------------

Bad Leperchaun
---------------
He's a life long swindler, but down on his luck, like that guy I love in the movie about that florida town with sissy spacek
But Olive is keen to this.
Rename baby troll - boink? gargle, burgler, bingo

----------------
----------------
Trophies:
- My mom's making me do this.
_ Irritating laugh
- Cruel Laugh
- Pity Laugh at a joke
- make a cool avatar
- write a rap
- record a beat box




Stubtown - where all the story stubs are.
If enough kids upload recordings, they get made into real places...

Wake up from a dream and be a completely different character in a different story, trying to find a way back.
Use day after tomorrow plot

Woman jumps out of orbit to find a clue to find her daughter.

Britta is travelling around the star system, scavenging amythest to allow her to jump down into strange planets to look for her mom and find her mom...

So if action causes reaction, when I get older when I jump out of orbit, does that means some else gets younger?
We could build a machine
That would be insanely huge.
Not of we use recursion?


They find the old fractal engine that the Orcs built, and little Fluff Buns hops into it.
Over time, the fractal will settle, and reveal a truth. 

Zoom out to the kid that invented the fractal engine.
She learns how to weave herself into it.

-----
Hey, that's a prime!
Yup. I'm here to find that flower.
I'll find it.
How? That's impossible.
I'll grab time like twine and and unwind it.
I'll trim our world down to the key things that we know
and braid them back in a recursive pattern.
We will have a parallel universe.
And we can cycle around in it forever, or until we find the bunny...
Can you believe it, we will find bunny!
But how will we get out?
We won't get out.  It is one way.

Britta, calm down.  Remember what we agreed to when I said you could read Hardball for Women?
This is exactly what we talked about.
I am not child mother.
Oh but you are.  I'll be honest with you dear.
I have to make decisions every day that would make most adults curl up in a ball and weep.



  Ummm, let em get this straight, you are going to find the extents of the universe, and patch them into a fractal engine as a base unit in a recursive universe
So that if you look into the past, you can see the future?
Yeah. Exactly.
That would take like 39 hours!


Hey, that's a prime!
------------
  Use pooh fractal in game






Lucinda Lilyfeather has secret identity as a bad girl.
Kinda like Princess in Black but cool.

OMG I always pretend to get hurt when I'm at her house, because her mom
is so new agey when she takes care of me.

I need you to stop lying.
Ahh ha ha ha ha!
No really.  It really means a lot to me.
Ok, well I never really looked at it that way.
Lying is bad, and even though it helps you get a giant laundry list of cool things
I'm going to stop lying, just for you.
Oh shoot.  That was a lie.
Wait, wait. Starting now...
Besides, when people find out you are a liar, they will not want to be your friend.
Oh geez.  That does kinda shine a new light on it.
people I don't like.
Oh shoot.  I messed up again...
Ok, starting... now...



Have you ever noticed that grown ups aren't that into glitter any more?
Yeah, I think life hammers it our of them.
Yeah, I see it in some of the graders even.
You try to play Elves with them and suddenly they are talking about a test they have at Elf Academy or something.
Yeah, that freaked me out.  I literally just froze and I couldn't move and then drool started pooling up in my mouth,but my face 
was like totally frozen.  I was just staring at him, like something in my brain got disconected.
And then managed to turn my head a little and the drool overflowed and literally spilled down my chin.
And now rogue was just staring and me... but when he drool came out he screamed like a little girl.
Adn I dont mean like us, I mean like a 2 year old girl, and his mom ran over, because she thought he had gotten stung by a bee or a wasp, or those ones with the 
long creep legs 
a yellow jacket


Use shadow cats, but have them always fall in paint or something and get weird colored.

Give Lucy a ton of different bodies
Make her evil

she painted rocks like the numberblocks when she was a kid and played with baby Troll.
Her parents were lost in some bizarre outer space thing

When the ice starts to melt the friendly place and the  mean place passages open up.

the ruby will heat the tunnel around them and let them rocket through the ice wall.
And the ice freezes behind you and thd capsule shoots through the ice 

Lucy hates math
---------------

Lucinda Learns Binary

Troll Math
- Lucy hates math
- Trolls teach her binary by accident
- She has a secret troll friend who she hangs out with and does binary
- she's bad with symbols, but gets shapes easily.
That tile is upside down.
Yes it is.  Look, if you put it in like that, after you place those 2 the remain hole will be facing down, not up.
How did you do that?
I didn't do anything.
Just look at it.
Uhhh... I don't see anything.


troll bad at talking, but troll smart.  troll very smart


cat jumping I can't story

What were you doing talking to that troll?

They get into a standoff at some bridge, and lucy sees a baby troll and 



Britta gets a new grrr face and they go try it out.
They trade up to finally get a sucker.
And then they do the sucker joke on some poor cashier.
Ha!  I'm just messing with you!
<pant pant pant> <gasp>
gotcha! Ha Ha!






`